# lumenaddr
simple stellar vanity address generator

Usage and Performance
---------------------
##### How to use this site?
Just enter suffix you want to see in public key and hit generate. Public and secret keys will be generated which you can copy and save.

##### I want to see some generated address pairs.
Following are some public-secret key pairs generated by this site. Please don't use them as-is, since secret key is publicly visible. Generate your own keys.

```
GCEYPGQX75YWCWL77NOWWHHMGS2R5DP2FAOWLT65NSORFXZHQIDDCOO7
SD7FUHVVDQ3NSMTFI4EQ6JRPKABZUZHTKH6N7AEQMKZQDEMO7SZFOBXN 

GBTWWMDP5CP7FGE7COKJ2U4O5NI6GWQLBTGNFVRC6Y4QG46DI5V2GXLM
SDFPGEFGRG5Z2QF4MQM3FNGDIGXAVKD3SGR5MUACX4G2XQYVAGQJIAZE
```

##### How fast it can generate addresses?
The current implementation is terribly slow, and since code runs inside your browser it entirely depends upon how fast your machine is. Following are some of the sample numbers indicating how fast it generates on Macbook Pro (2014) in chrome browser for different sizes of suffix (Your mileage may vary):
```
1-letter suffix = < 500 milliseconds
2-letter suffix = < 10 seconds
3-letter suffix = 1-10 minutes
4-letter suffix = 30-120 minutes
5 or more = not-tested
```

##### But why it runs on my machine and why not on powerful servers?
For security reasons. See security section below.

Security
--------
##### How I can trust you with secret key generation?
Good, you should be asking questions like this more often. First of all, the key generation process runs entirely on your machine once you hit generate button. Nothing goes to the server. You can view the source code of the site using view-source and see what it does. I deliberately kept non-minified javascript code (sans external libraries). Also, entire source of this site is opensource and available on bitbucket. All the javascript libraries used are well-tested, so they too don't leak any information as far as know. Please don't run this on an insecure computer and use generated keys though.

##### But still, I can't trust you.
Good going again, you shouldn't be trusting any random dude on the internet. If you are extra paranoid, download the source from bitbucket, open index.html, disconnect from the internet, generate keys, copy and save keys, close index.html and delete the source code. :)

##### What other security measures should I take?
Only access your online wallet on a safe device (with antivirus/no suspicious software/miners etc.), never store your secret key somewhere unsafe (e.g. unencrypted text file/note). Verify the domain of the site you visit. e.g. this site is served on http://lumenaddr.com. Scammers may create sites such as http://lumenaddress.com or http://lumenaddr.co etc, which might look like this site. Don't use such sites. This site will never communicate with you any pre-generated vanity addresses via mail etc. Any secret key which is known to anybody else other than you is compromised key and you shouldn't be using it.

Misc
----
##### It's damn slow. Where is the faster version?
Its a work in progress. Stay tuned.

##### How can I support you?
You can send lumens to the stellar address given below in 'Donate' section. [To the address which ends with 'CODR', get it? ;)

Donate
------
Stellar address: ```GBLNKSLGKAUF23YPS4G3CGAEJ5G6535OCV3I2GG2EIQ2PHUCDMOLCODR```

